if you like what you see right now and
what you hear right now then great
because in this video i'm gonna be
breaking down my super simple but crispy
youtube studio setup so that you can
crush your youtube talking head videos
this year let's go you gotta just press
record hey what's up it's omar's corey
with think media and this channel is all
about helping you build your influence
with online video and so if you're
interested in that be sure to hit that
subscribe button but the first thing i
wanted to break down was my audio setup
and so i got a second camera to show you
kind of what i got going on so for my
audio setup i actually have a very
simple and cheap mic and links down to
everything down in the description below
if you want to check out those links
check out the links down in the
description below but a very simple mic
setup that's actually boomed onto my
table so i don't have to have any stands
and things like that but as far as the
mic that i'm using i'm using the deity
d4 mini this is about a 40 or 50 dollar
mic this mic sounds phenomenal and i
just have an aux cable super cheap
amazon basic aux cable that plugs right
into the camera and so this is a super
simple and minimal setup the arm is
about 40 so you're talking about under a
hundred dollar all-in uh mic setup and i
absolutely love how it looks because you
don't see it and i love how it sounds
now audio makes up for 50 of the video
viewing experience so you want to make
sure that you get good audio but it
doesn't have to break the bank like mine
now when it comes to the camera setup
i'm so pumped because you already know i
love the sony zve10 this is a compact 4k
camera that shoots great video and has
incredible autofocus and you never have
to worry about being out of focus and i
have a continuous power adapter so i
don't have to worry about batteries
which is a very smart investment if you
don't want your batteries to die but
we've made tons of videos on this camera
it's totally one of my favorites
especially for just simple videos as far
as the lens goes i got the infamous
sigma 16 millimeter lens and this lens
gives you a perfect medium wide shot so
if you're doing youtube talking head it
is perfect and i actually have a tape
measure because i wanted to show you how
far the camera is away from me and so as
far as where the lens is we're talking
about 30 inches away and so about you
know two arms length distance and it
gives me this great look in my nice
little small office cool little life
hack that i like to do is actually use a
wireless remote to start and stop
recording
now this is like the vlog grip but you
don't need this it's a very inexpensive
purchase to buy a wireless remote to
start and stop recording for really any
camera that you use and i would
encourage it and one thing that i
actually use it for to make my editing
faster is when i have a good take i just
end the recording because now that i
know in editing when the clip ends it's
going to be a good take right before
that clip ends and so that'll just speed
up some of your workflow and so that is
the sony zve10 with the sigma lens and
one thing i absolutely love about the
sony zve10 is its ability to be used for
live streaming or zoom conference calls
with the use of a usbc cable that's it
no special software or hardware just
select the camera in whatever you are
using and then you can actually level up
your zoom calls or live streams and
speaking of live streams thank you to
the sponsor of this video which is
stream yard stream art is how we go live
here on think media our think media
podcast and our private facebook
communities and it really makes live
streaming so easy i don't know if
there's another software or platform
that makes it easier than stream yard
with the ability to bring on guests to
conduct interviews or even share slides
while you're doing a teaching and have
cool transitions to really make your
live streams look professional and one
feature i absolutely love about stream
yard that we don't talk about a lot is
it's also a recorder so if you want to
record a presentation or record an
interview but you don't want to live
stream it you could capture it it saves
it on the backend and then you could
download it edit it a little bit or even
repurpose it for social media all that
would stream yard and if you want to
check out streamyard today be sure to go
to streamwiththink.com or check out the
link down in the description below thank
you to streamyard for sponsoring this
video now the tripod that i have my
camera on is a fairly inexpensive
compact manfrotto tripod with a ball
head mount which i absolutely love it
lets you get the perfect leveled shot
and i got a quick release system that
allows me to take on and off the camera
as needed and if you want to extend the
height of this tripod you totally can
with the three different levels as well
as the center column it actually extends
higher i would say the only downside of
this tripod is if you want to stand up
and film it's probably not going to go
as tall as you need it to go however for
sitting in a stool or a chair like i am
it is perfect for that and so that is
the manfrotto compact tripod now when it
comes to lighting lighting is really
what makes any camera you use whether
it's your smartphone or a super
expensive camera look its best it is
lighting that really brings out the best
of any camera you use and so when it
comes to my key light or the light
that's lighting my face i am using an
amaran 60d with a large lantern so i'm
gonna actually back up swap the angle
real quick and as you can see this
little
beast hiding behind here is the amaran
60d which i actually like this version
because it's not bi-colored it gives you
the temperature that you need for your
face it also is battery powered if you
want it to be and that's how i'm using
it right now but you could totally plug
it in it comes with the plug that you
need and then the lantern is a gvm
lantern but all these things again i'll
post down in the description below but
this is my key light it's producing a
very soft and large light on my face and
what i really like about this light is
also it's a wireless remote so if i need
to turn it off and on i can do so and if
i want to change the intensity i can do
so as well sorry if i ruined your eyes
with that but very convenient light i've
been using it for about a year now that
is the amaran 60d now you could totally
stop there with just a good key light
and as you can see in the back i got a
little lamp in the back which is nice if
i turn it off that's kind of like man
but then you turn it on oh it's nice and
warm and welcome you know what i'm
talking about but there are two other
lights that really make this shot super
dynamic and allow me to pop out from the
background the first one being my hair
light or rim light there was actually a
light behind me hitting my head and
shoulders to separate me from the
background and the light that's being
used for my hair light is a gvm panel
light that i have set to a warmer
temperature because i want it to match
my lamp right and you can see it's being
suspended kind of like in mid-air by
magic now i'm just kidding that is uh
being suspended by what is called a very
pole and what i love about this is it
requires no screws or anything to be
able to mount lightings or if you even
want to like suspend a camera or
whatever you want to use that pull for
you can do so and it just does it by
tension and so you set the tension and
you lock it in place and it's been
hanging for like a year and a half now
so it's pretty sweet but that is my hair
light and then the other light that i
wanted to break down is kind of my
secret sauce but that is my fake window
light that you see there so that is
another light that's actually suspended
you already know that i like to suspend
light for no reason i'm just kidding
it's so i don't have to have any stands
right um but this light over here is a
gvm 100 watt it's very similar to my key
light
as it is a cob light but this light has
a snoot that allows me to put a gobo
which gives me the effect
of a window which is pretty dope right
but these two lights really makes the
shot dynamic and i believe just
something else just because of those two
elements and a really cool accessory
that allows me to control both of these
lights to turn on and off is this
wireless remote and it just really i
just plug it into the adapter that sends
the signal to this and i can just turn
it off and on but to show you the the
power of this kind of lighting i'm going
to turn off my key light and you can see
like the shine in my hair and kind of
the shine on my shoulders obviously the
fake window but if i turn it off you
know and turn on my key light it's fine
you don't necessarily need it but when i
turn this on
boy you already know your boy drippy
crispy you know what i'm saying if you
know what i'm saying
but all that to say that is my super
simple and crispy youtube setup and all
the things that go in it would love to
know your thoughts down in the comments
below what you think as well as any
questions you may have or if you want to
see an updated office tour of how i even
use my space to get three different
shots as well as live stream thumbnails
and all the nines then let me know down
in the comments below and i'm gonna
scoot over this way because if you want
to check out another video from us here
at think media check out nolan's setup
it's actually pretty dope you can do so
by clicking or tapping the screen check
out another video by clicking or tapping
the screen see you in another one peace